Add docs for remote debugging with VS Code (#413)
srobo/docs: programming/editors/vscode.md

3. Run `pip install sr.robot3`.

[code-completion]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autocomplete#In_source_code_editors

## Remote Debugging

<div class="info">

> This documentation refers to a feature which is only available from software version `2023.1.0` and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation refers to a feature which is only available from software version <code>2023.1.0</code> and later.
```

Backticks don't render inside HTML

Reviewer 2: Good spot. An alternative is to add `markdown="1"` to the containing HTML element.

</div>

> When connected to the [robot's WiFi hotspot](/docs/kit/wifi), it is possible to attach VS Code's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connected to the [robot's WiFi hotspot]({{ site.baseurl }}/kit/wifi), it is possible to attach VS Code's
```

debugger to the robot by performing the following steps:

> 1. Ensure the [Python extension](#python-extension) is installed

Reviewer 2: nit (also below): it looks like the prevailing style is to treat each bullet in the list as a sentence and thus include a full stop after each (if there isn't other punctuation).

Author: 277dbb8

2. Open the Run and Debug panel
3. Click the cog icon at the top of the panel
4. Paste the following configuration:
```json
{
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
        {
            "name": "Attach to Robot",
            "type": "python",
            "request": "attach",
            "connect": {
                "host": "robot.lan",
                "port": 5678
            },
            "pathMappings": [
                {
                    "localRoot": "${workspaceFolder}",
                    "remoteRoot": "."
                }
            ],
            "justMyCode": true
        }
    ]
}
```
5. Add the following snippet to the top of your code:
```python
import debugpy

> debugpy.listen(("0.0.0.0", 5678))

Author: Yep.
